Hear what is the guys are welcome x and I can see that this is how our website is looking and our website
is totally done we know everything about us about this word press and we can also award for the plug
ins and we now know everything.
So now let's just go ahead and work with our project.
OK.
So our project number one would be a personal beta website and for that to work we just need to reset
our voyde press to everything new so that we can work from the start and then we can move forward.
So for that you have to go to dashboard make sure guys that you reset your Wordpress to all your defaults
so that you can move forward.
I'm going to go to the plugins and I'm going to hit add Neal and then here you have to just enter would
press reset.
We are going to add this plugin.
OK let's just search.
And now here you can see it is voyde press reset by Matt martes.
OK.
So now here mean just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit install and let's just go ahead and let's
install this.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to activate and there we go.
You can see this is the plug in that is right here.
OK.
And now what I have to do I have to go to the settings tools and here you can see it's easy to reset.
I'm going to click here and I'm here.
I have to just enter r e s e t.
Reset OK.
And then I have to just hit reset and I have to hit OK.
And that's all you can see that I am totally done with my website.
There you go.
You can see that my wordpress Web site is now back to normal.
And now everything has been deleted.
And this is the website that is looking like it is totally new Web site.
So now Vivah will be breaking up with their new projects that are everything has been reset.
And there is nothing you can see.
This is the sambil page but we will be having teams that be installed.
OK so teens will be here.
But that would be shifted to the default one.
So let's just go ahead and let's quickly delete this team as well.
OK.
And let's just delete every theme that we installed.
So leave that as it does so that we are just starting our project from the very first that we have just
installed Wordpress and that's all.
So this is our everything is working.
We have our installed plug ins and we have these.
So let's just go at it let's also delete these plugins.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to apply and that's all.
OK you can see that everything is deleted.
Everything is totally new.
And now here I have to work with it.
So first of all basically we have to work for the team.
OK now here the designing part started because you guys know everything about the customization you
guys know everything about menus and everything.
So now here I mean designing part starts.
And now we will be working up on the design rather than the content and everything.
So let's just go ahead let's install a team that I'm telling you this is the team that we will be using
mostly and this team is amazing.
The reason I'm telling you is this team comes with a plug in.
That is the best plug in.
OK before 2016 this plugin was not invented and creation of web site was so hard.
OK.
But now that plugin has been released and it is doing amazing job guys.
OK so let's just go ahead and let's install this team and you yourself will be amazed how great we build
an awesome website.
So let's just go to the appearance and then let's go to Tina.
So here we have to just select adenine and then we have to just add a new theme.
So you have to go to the popular DOB and you will see a theme called Ocean W.P. this team is going so
amazing guys.
This team is now rang as the top team.
OK.
The reason is that it's a board set up plug in and it supports that he felt so let's just go out and
let's install this theme and then learn how to build.
Now I'm obsessed with this so let's just go let's install and let's just activate it.
So I can see this team is activated and we have a new line that says this team recommends the following
plug in the elements are in the ocean extra.
So let's just go ahead and let's install them.
OK let's begin installing plugins.
Let's select all and let's just install and hit apply.
Ok that's all we have to do.
And you can see that these plug ins will be activated.
I'm going to go to install plug in to see if these plug ins are now activated.
OK.
This will appear OK.
You have to just refresh it again and then it will be gone.
You can again see this is elementary.
And this is ocean extra.
Now let's have a look at the website.
OK you can see that this is how our Web site is looking at a site.
Look it's totally changed.
OK.
I know want to say it looks a bit ugly.
I know our Web site doesn't look good.
That is why actors in this venue we will design this website.
You will be amazed to see how great our Web site looks.
So in the next video we'll be just working the pages.
OK.
We'll create pages and then we'll work the Demonios OK and then we'll be working up with the designing
part.
I'll show you how can you work with the designing and.
I'll be moving forward with our project which is I can see the outcome.
So CDM guys and by.